Call sombady from @A phone's and attempt to be him for two minutes.
Call a fast food restaurant and ask to make a reservation.
Call a friend to tell them you're moving to mexico.
Dance battle between @A and you!
Dance like a ballerina.
Dance like a cowboy.
Dance on a chair.
Do a magic trick.Do a yoga pose.
Do the ice bucket challenge with a glass of ice water.
Do the macarena for 30 seconds!
Robot dance.
Draw a mustache on @A.
Draw a tatoo on @A's arm.
Draw a unibrown on @A's face.
Eat something and act like it's the most delicious thing you've ever had.
Face @A and finish this poem: Roses are red, violets are blue...
Group dare: find out who can jump the highest. Loser drinks.
Group dare: howl like wolves.
Group decides on something edible for you to eat.
Have a staring contest with @M, loser must give a foot massage to winner for 2 minutes.
Kick @F's butt, only one kick allowed.
Get your ass kicked by @F, only one kicked allowed.
Have staring contest with @A. Whoever blinks first gets slapped!
Pick someone in the group and mirror them for a minute.
Mirror @A for a minute.
Imitate @A for a minute.
Pick your nose and ears at the same time for 30 seconds.
Pick your nose for 15 seconds.
Play rock paper scissors with @A, loser drinks.
Poke whoever has the most Facebook friends.
Let @A post a selfie on your Facebook or Instagram account.
Prank call a friend.
Prank call your parents.
Take an embarrassing selfie and post it as your profile picture.
Remove your socks with your teeth.
Stop a car that is going down the street and tell them that their wheels are turning.
Fill your mouth with water, and each person in the group must tell the funniest joke they know. If you spit up the water, drink.
Go outside and pick exactly 40 blades of grass with a pair of tweezers.
Stick a Hot Cheeto in you nose and leave it there for 5 minutes.
Open Facebook, go to the account of the first person you see, and like every post on their wall going back to a year.
Eat a whole piece of paper.
Let @S put duct tape on any part of your body they choose and rip it off.
Tie your hands to your ankles for the rest of the round.
Until the next round, talk super loud, like nobody can hear you.
Call your crush.
Talk to a pillow like it’s your crush.
Pretend you’re a bird and eat cereal off the floor using only your mouth.
Make out with your hand.
Make out with @A's hand.
Let @A style your hair and keep it that way for the rest of the day.
Use a brush like you’re talking into a microphone each time you speak.
Color one of your front teeth black. (Eyeliner works!)
Lick the bottom of your shoe.
Fake cry.
Make repulsive sounds while eating and drinking.
Squirt your face with a squirt gun continuously while talking.
See how many grapes you can stuff in your mouth.
Hiccup in between each word for the rest of the round.
Burp the alphabet.
Draw on your face with permanent marker.
Dump a bunch of legos on the floor and walk over it with your bare feet.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Lift up the couch cushions, and if there is anything under it, you need to put it in your mouth for 10 seconds.
Stand up and do jumping jacks until @A's turn.
Rub your armpits and then smell your fingers.
Single the Star Spangled Banner in a British accent while hula hooping.
Try to hit on someone in this group like you’re at a bar.
Make as many different sounds with your lips as you can.
Make as many different fart sounds as you can.
You have to say “I’m just a silly boy” and slap yourself gently on the face 20 times.
Make out with your hand to “The Song That Never Ends” (look it up on YouTube)
Put in your headphones and put on your favorite song and dance to it.
Someone gets to draw something on your face (with just a pen, not a permanent marker).
You have to hold a mouthful of water in your mouth until the round is over.
Scream. (Record it and send the audio).
Send a dirty message in emojis that @A has to decode.
Show the group the most unflattering picture of you that you have in your phone.
Send a random gif to the first person in your contact list with no explanation.
Send a video of just your torso and you’re shimmying outside.
Send a video of you making out with the air in front of you.
Show the least sexy part of your body.
Show the sexiest part of your body in the least sexy way.
Put your butt on the call and talk as it for one minute.
Show three of your favorite moles. Or, if you don’t have any moles, three of your favorite skin colorations on your body.
Record and post a video of you on Instagram holding your tongue and saying, “I am a very pretty hippopotamus.”
Continue the rest of the conversation with your biggest pair of underwear on your head.
Have @A quiz you on basic math questions while you watch a one-minute clip of something hot.
Try to re-create a famous kissing scene from a movie like The Notebook, Never Been Kissed, etc. but you’re just kissing the air.
Use provocative hand gestures every time you talk.
Read a colorful excerpt from a romance novel.
The group choose a random video off of YouTube, and you have to dirty dance to it (no matter what it is) for two minutes.
Until the next round, you have to try to talk like Yoda.
Try to continue the conversation while demonstrating your best technique on a banana or a zucchini.
Draw a picture of your partner and post it on Facebook or Instagram, saying how much you love them.
Draw a picture of you and your partner and make it your profile picture.
Do your best version of the Single Ladies dance and record it.
Let @S on one of your online dating profiles and use it for 3 minutes to do whatever they want.
Make out with @A's bellybutton.
Bend over and touch your toes for 30 seconds.