@A is your dog. Name him
@A Picks a character form a TV show or movie. You must act like that character for this round.
Do 5 push-ups
Act like a zombie for the rest of this round.
Bark like a dog.
Attempt to breakdance!
Call a one of your friends and tell them you're outside their door.
Chug a tall grass of water.
Count how many made in china things you have right now.
Do an evil laugh.
Feed something yummy to @AFind out who has the best smelling hair.
Find out who has the longest nails.
Fix @A's hair.
Massage @A for 1 minute.
Give @A a native american name.
Give yourself a new name
Have a imaginary sword fight with @A.
How around like a bunny.
How would your ex describe you?
Howl like a wolf.
If you were president, name two things you would change.
Make 5 different faces and the group must guess your emotions.
Make a sketch of @A.
Make farting noises for 30 seconds.
Make up a new word and define it.
Name a celebrity who you think does not deserve their fame.
Name all your current and past best friends.
Name all your current and past enemies or foes.
Name everybody's last name.
Name everybody's middle name.
Nickname everybody in the room.
Order a pizza in a foreign accent. You can cancel after placing the order.
Talk without closing your mouth.
Act like an animal of the group’s choosing.
Cross your eyes when talking.
Get into a debate with a wall.
Spin around 10 times and try to walk straight.
Send a video of you eating a quarter cup of ketchup to whoever @A choses.
Send a video with you and the next person that you see singing “My Heart Will Go On.”
Go outside and do the moonwalk — send a video.
Sing an opera song.
Draw a mustache on your face.
Cut off a little bit of your hair
Send a vid of you trying to do the worm.
Send of a vid of you doing crunches in the bathtub.
You’re a vampire. Send a pic of you sucking the blood out of your pillow.
Draw the best picture of a dog that you can.
Do 12 swimsuit calendar poses.
Floss your teeth blindfolded.
One person gets to choose the other’s profile picture on Facebook for the whole evening.
Try to juggle three potatoes.
Put a pair of pantyhose on your head and skip around the block singing “La la la la la la.”
Do a 1-minute freestyle rap with a bunch of marshmallows in your mouth (be careful not to choke!)
Put on a swimming suit and clean the oven. (Like, actually clean it).
You have to drink one cup of smoothie made out of ice cubes, water, and three other ingredients that someone else gets to choose.
Make a sandwich with your hands tied behind your back and eat it.
You have to eat macaroni and cheese, but instead of cheese, it’s macaroni and mayonnaise.
Eat one tablespoon of coffee grounds while saying “Mmmmm, very yummy!”
Make your 10 best fart noises.
Put a colander on your head and sing Space Oddity by David Bowie.
Everyone calls you “Weiner” for the rest of the night.
Find the oldest profile picture that you ever had on Facebook and make it your profile picture once again.
Put on the national anthem and do your sexiest dance to it.
Take @A's shoe and tell it what a filthy, bad, naughty shoe it’s been for one minute.
Make a bowl of spaghetti and eat it without using your hands.
Make a bowl of spaghetti and eat it with your feet.