Hit @M on his crotch.
Lap dance @A
Lap dance @P
Find out who has the longest toe nails.
Let @A go through the pictures on your phone.
Go through the pictures on @A's phone.
Let @A text anyone from your phone.
Lie down, @P pours cold water in your belly button.
Let @P put ice cubes in your underwear.
Put ice cubes in @P's underwear.
Remove @P socks with your teeth.
Write your name on the floor with your tongue.
Let the group choose an item for you to brush your teeth with.
Let @A use your phone unrestricted for a minute.
Let the person to your right put duct tape on any part of your body they choose and rip it off.
Put a bunch of honey on your nose and coat it with flour.
Take a shot of pickle juice.
Pick @P's nose.
Dip your sock-covered feet in the toilet and don't dry it off for the rest of the round.
Eat a raw egg.
Let @A choose 3 random things from the refrigerator an mix it together. Then you have to eat it.
Pick up a random book and read it in the most seductive voice you can manage.
Change your Facebook status to “I’m coming . . . I’m coming . . ." Then, one minute later, change it to "I just came.”
You’re in school and you’ve been a bad student. For the next round, you’re in time out on @P's lap.
@A has to lick peanut butter, chocolate sauce, or whipped cream off your finger, cheek, or somewhere of their choice.
With your eyes closed and the other person or people standing across from you in the room, walk with your hands out. You have to kiss the first person you touch, where you touch them.
Someone gives you a back massage for one minutes while you’re blindfolded. If you like their style, you can choose to kiss them afterwards, but without knowing their identity.
You have to keep your hand on the very inner thigh of @S for the next round.
Do your best sexy crawl.
Have someone blindfold you. Then, everyone in the group kisses you on the cheek, you have to choose one person that you want to kiss on the lips.
If there’s a pool, you have to go skinny dipping, and you have to take @P with you.
@A goes onto your Amazon account and buys a special toy for you that’s $10 or less.
Go to Cosmopolitan’s website’s love section and find a position you’ve never heard of. Then, try to act it out wtih @P.
You leave the room. Everyone pours a shot. You come back into the room and take one of the shots that was poured. Whoever poured the drink, you have to sit on their lap for the rest of the round. (People can take the other shots).
You have to undress down. If you want to keep any clothes on, you have to take a shot for every piece of clothing you want to keep.
Lightly trace your hands over @A lips and whisper “I’m coming, I’m coming," five times.
Put on a swimming suit and have someone rub sunscreen on your back. Wear the suit for the rest of the evening.
You have to wash @A's feet.
Be blindfolded and then tickled for a minute by @A.
Turn out the lights and try to turn @A on only using sounds.
Get within one inch of @A, look them straight in the eye, and tell them how you feel about them for one minute. Do not touch them.
Blow on the back of @A's neck, alternating hot and cool for one minute. Do not touch them.
Spell out a secret message for @A on their back. If they get it right, they get a special favor of their choosing. If they get it wrong, they have to do something special for you.
You get to dress @P up, using your clothes. Then take a picture.
You have to call @A parents, tell them how much you love their child.
You have to do a one-person re-enactment of Romeo and Juliet using only animal sounds for the dialogue.
Do a sexy dance for @A, but you can only use one leg.
@P has to ride you like a cowboy and you have to buck like a broncho.
You have to wear handcuffs for the rest of the game.
Trade clothes with @P.
Take a body shot.
Kiss @A on the lips.
Lick @A's face.
Lick @A's bellybutton.
Make out with @P.
Give @A a massage.
Remove your bra/underwear for the rest of the game.
Take off @A's shirt with only your teeth.
Beg @A to make out with you. They have to refuse. Keep trying to convince them in different ways for two minutes.
Put on sexy music and vacuum with no pants on.
You have to do whatever @A tells you for one minute.
Give your junk a name and then give a stream of consciousness speech talking as it.
Imitate the sounds of both sides of your most recent romantic encounter.
Go hide somewhere in the house until the next round starts. No one is going to come find you, but you must remain hidden.
Cook two bags of popcorn. Eat all of it as fast as you can, but in the sexiest way possible.
Take off your shirt and pants, lay down on the ground, and act like a dolphin that’s gotten stranded on land for one minute.
Pretend like you’re making sweet, sweet, love to the couch for one and a half minutes.
Pick up a random book and read it in the most seductive voice you can manage.
Demonstrate to the room how to put a condom on using a banana.
Slap your butt and say “I’ve been bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, naughty!”
Put on a dance song and grind with a pillow for one minute.
Feed someone almonds using just your mouth.
Send a video of you singing in the shower (without the water on!)
Send a video of you showing every part of your naked body except for . . . you know what.
Change your Facebook status to “Feeling lonely . . .”
Go hide in another room for the rest of the round.
Go to the bathroom and make extremely loud grunting sounds. (Send audio.)
Send the dirtiest text you can think of.
Send them pictures of you trying to imitate five emojis that you pick out.
Dress up like your dad or mom and send a picture.
Send the picture in your phone that’s five pictures back.
Send the most recent text that you sent your mom.
Send the most recent text that you sent your best friend.
Text your mom a picture of @A and say, “Aren’t they great?”
Write a 100-word naughty story and send it to someone.
Touch yourself every time you text.
Remove one piece of clothing every time you get a (non-text) notification on your phone.
Take off your pants.
Take off your shirt for the rest of the round.
Put on every single pair of underwear you have and send a picture.
You have one minute to change into the hottest outfit you can get. You are allowed to use clothing items from other players.
Demonstrate your best sexual technique using your hands.
Slap yourself.
Go outside half naked.
Take off three items of clothing.
Go to the fridge, pick out two different items, and use them to act out your favorite sexual act.
Take off your clothes, but put on every piece of underwear that there is in the house.
@A must kiss your stomach.
@P must pick a body part that you have to lick for 30 seconds.
@A just fell on his butt, massage it for a minute so it feels better.
@A must pick a 5 euro bill in his mouth. You can have it if you take it out in 1 minute using only your lips.
@A must attempt to unclothe you for 15 seconds. You can't resist.
@P must attempt to unclote you for 30 seconds. You are allowed to resist.
Back @A to a corner and give him/her a sloppy kiss.
Bite @A anywhere bellow the waist.
Compliment @A body.
Use @P to demostrate you favourite sexual position.
Feel @M biceps for 15 seconds.
Flash @A and you get inmunity for the next two rounds.
Tickle @A for one minute.
Get as close to @A as you can without touching him.
Get behind @M and put both your hands in his pockets, make good contact.
Give a toe massage to anybody who has holes in their socks.
Grab @A's butt.
Group dare: Pretend to give birth to a baby using a stuffed toy. Everybody must help with the delivery.
Group dare: Play hide and seek, first one to be found drinks.
Group dare: who can take their shirts and pants off and put them back on the fastest? Slowest must drink.
Have a three way kiss, you choose who.
Kiss @P's butt.
Suck @P's toes!
Loose up your buttons, babe.
@A prepares a shot. You have to drink it!
Make out with @P for 20 seconds.
Put your hands under @P's shirt.
Step into a bathroom with @S, they must watch you pee!
Take a body shot off @P's stomach.
The group holds @A while you have your way with him/her!
Teach the group 3 sexual positions. Use @P for demo purposes.
Twerk like it's hot!
Write something on @A's forehead!
Write something on @A's back!
@M is a dog on a walk. Take him to pee on a tree and mark his territory.
Lay on top of @P facing each other for two minutes.
Have a wrestling competition with @A. Let everyone be the judges, loser drinks.