What is the last video you watched on YouTube?
What are you wearing?
What’s something your mom doesn’t know about you?
What’s your worst fart story?
What did you think of @A when you first met?
What did you want to be when you grew up when you were 6?
What is the dumbest thing I’ve ever said?
Best purchase that you’ve made for $10 or less?
If I went through your room, what would I be surprised to find?
Who do @A reminds you of?
What’s something you want @A to do for you?
What’s something you want @A to do to you?
What’s the worst thought you’ve ever had?
What’s the best news you’ve ever heard?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done at work/school?
Do you have a journal? If yes, show @A the most recent entry.
Have you ever cried because of @A?
Who’s your favorite family member?
What is your favorite possession?
What’s your biggest insecurity?
What are you thinking about?
What’s been on your mind lately?
What are you afraid of?
Who’s the one that got away?
Have you ever dyed your hair?
If you were to give a full body massage, where would you start and where would you end?
Fill in the blanks: No one ever did X like X did.
Who was the love of your life? (So far?)
When was the last time you got really angry?
What is your favorite plant and why?
What’s something you would die if your mom found out about?
What is something you did that you feel really guilty about?
Cartoon character that you have the biggest crush on?
Fill in the blank: If you really knew @A, you would know . . .
Tell @A something you still have from when you were a teenager? Why do you still have it?
Tell @A the most embarrassing thing in your bedroom.
What’s in your bedside drawer? (tell @A)
Do you have a name for your special places?
Have you ever kissed someone of the same gender?
Have you ever taken a body shot?
Have you ever thought about sleeping with @A?
Have you ever pictured @A naked when talking to them?
What are you most embarassed of.
Tell us about your bowel movements last week.
Show your armpits.
Do you ever smell your toes?
How often do you pick your nose?
What’s the grossest thing that you do when you’re alone?
What did you want to be when you grow up when you were 8 years old?
What’s the strangest game you used to play as a kid?
What were you doing one year ago today?
Read everyone the first email in your inbox.
Read everyone the last conversation you had in Messenger on Facebook.
Have you kissed anyone in this room?
Who here do you find most attractive?
Who’s the most boring person here?
Who here is the least likely to do anything with their life?
What would you name your children?
Something you wish you didn’t know?
What’s the lamest thing you’ve Googled?
Reveal a secret thought that you’ve had about someone in the group?
Did you ever dislike anyone in this group?
Last time you pooped or peed your pants?
Most recent reason you went to the drug store after 11 o’clock PM?
Have you ever done anything illegal (besides the obvious like speeding, having a sip of alcohol when you were underage, etc.)