injured myself while trying to impress a girl or boy I was interested in.
1had to run to save my life.
taken food out of a trash can and eaten it.
cried / flirted my way out of a speeding ticket.
taken part in a talent show.
made money by performing on the street.
broken something at a friend's house and then not told them.
snooped through a friend's bathroom or bedroom without them knowing.
ruined someone else's vacation.
walked for more than six hours.
jumped from a roof.
shoplifted.
seen an alligator or crocodile in the wild.
set my or someone else's hair on fire on purpose.
ridden an animal.
had a bad fall because I was walking and texting.
been arrested.
pressured someone into getting a tattoo or piercing.
gone surfing.
walked out of a movie because it was bad.
broken a bone.
tried to cut my own hair.
completely forgot my lines in a play.
shot a gun.
had a surprise party thrown for me.
cheated on a test.
dined and dashed.
gotten stitches.
fallen in love at first sight.
had a paranormal experience.
woken up and couldn't move.
accidentally said "I love you" to someone.
hitchhiked.
been trapped in an elevator.
sung karaoke in front of people.
been on TV or the radio.
pressed send and then immediately regretted it.
been so sun burnt I couldn't wear a shirt.
had a crush on a friend's parent.
been awake for two days straight.
thrown up on a roller coaster.
snuck into a movie.
accidentally sent someone to the hospital.
dyed my hair a crazy color.
had a physical fight with my best friend.
fallen in love at first sight.
had someone slap me across the face.
worked with someone I hated with the burning passion of a thousand suns.
danced in an elevator.
cried in public because of a song.
texted for four hours straight.
chipped a tooth.
gone hunting.
had a tree house.
thrown something into a TV or computer screen.
been to a country in Asia.
been screamed at by a customer at my job.
spent a night in the woods with no shelter.
read a whole novel in one day.
gone vegan.
been without heat for a winter or without A/C for a summer.
worn glasses without lenses.
gone scuba diving.
lied about a family member dying as an excuse to get out of doing something.
bungee jumped.
been to a country in Africa.
been on a fad diet.
been to a fashion show.
been electrocuted.
stolen something from a restaurant.
had a bad allergic reaction.
been in an embarrassing video that was uploaded to YouTube.
thought I was going to drown.
worked at a fast food restaurant.
fainted.
looked through someone else's phone without their permission.
bragged about something I have not done.
driven drunk.
experimented to see my sexual orientation.
said 'I love you' just to get laid.
spied on my neighbours.
doubted in my heterosexuality.
made fun of someone.
watched keeping up with the Kardashians.
stole something with a higher value than $10
really liked a song by Justin Bieber.
bet on something.
done a handstand with one hand.
escaped from class.
cheated on a test.
grabbed the wrong person's hand.
fall in love with anyone through the network.
lied in this game.
entered into Facebook while drunk.
traveled by plane.
stuck gum under a desk.
bit my tongue.
stop remembering my first love.
refused a kiss.
had a night stand.
gone to the bathroom and then not wash my hands.
kissed someone of the same sex.
got drunk.
eaten food that fell on the floor.
got drunk playing these games.
fallen asleep on the bus and I've passed my station.
received a serenade.
sneaked into a party.
taken part in a talent show.
been in a radio show.
watched the Ghostbusters remake.
wanted to be one of the Kardashians.
dressed as the opposite sex.
watched Spongebob Squarepants.
cried during a Pixar movie. (Darn you Bing Bong!)
had a crush, or man crush, on Ron Swanson.
'cleaned up' by piling everything into a closet.
sung karaoke.
watched the "Gangnam Style" music video.
had a crush on someone from "Full House".
watched an episode of "Gilmore Girls".
pretended to know a stranger.
worn sleepwear and pretended it was clothing.
said 'excuse me' when there was no one around.
scared myself in a mirror.
missed a high five.
heard someone else doing it.
sang in the shower.
blamed farts on an animal.
secretly wished I were a wizard at Hogwarts.
slept in regular clothing.
had a nightmare about zombies chasing me.
pretended to laugh at a joke I didn't get.
been scared of clowns.
thought a cartoon character was hot.
faked being sick so I could play video games.
liked Star Wars more than Star Trek.
tried out to be an extra in a movie.
scored over 100 while bowling.
used an Instant Pot.
played Candy Crush.
won a game of Scrabble.
made a duck face when taking a selfie.
looked out the car's passenger seat window and imagined it was a scene from a music video.
actually laughed out loud when typing "LOL".
reread an email immediately after sending it.
daydreamed about being on a talk show and what I'd talk about.
Googled my own name to see what comes up.
pretended I was running from zombies while on a run.
sat in the shower.
tried something I saw on Pinterest.
ugly cried for no reason.
creeped on someone I just met on social media.
thought about how a loved one could identify me if my face was horribly disfigured in an accident.
answered someone 'left' or 'right' without thinking, because I have a 50/50 chance of being right.
been out of the country.
regifted a gift card.
traveled out of state by myself.
flown in a helicopter.
been on stage in front of a crowd.
lied in a job interview.
stalked a crush.
sung karaoke.
agreed with something Donald Trump said.
thought about what type of dog I would be.
watched children's cartoons I'm too old for.
lost sunglasses that I was already wearing.
locked my keys in my car.
not tipped at a restaurant.
given money to a homeless person.
tried to look at the sun.
bungee-jumped.
had surgery.
jumped out of a plane.
made a wish at a fountain.
accidentally eaten a bug.
cut someone in line.
stayed up all night.
read a single Harry Potter book.
been inside of a library.
lied about my age.
shot a gun.
had a cavity.
been mini golfing.
seen an elephant in real life.
been to Disney World.
bought clothing online.
had someone draw a caricature of me.
owned an Xbox.
spent hours watching funny videos on Youtube.
seen Titanic.
met a celebrity.
thought a movie was better than the book.
voted.
owned a watch.
ridden a skateboard.
learned how to play a musical instrument.
seen snow.
finished a Sudoku puzzle.
Googled something so I'd know how to spell it.
farted in front of someone I liked.
accidentally sharted.
forgotten the punchline of a joke.
sang a song out loud and messed the lyrics.
walked in on someone in the bathroom.
had someone walk in on me in the bathroom.
sent a text to the wrong person.
tried to pass a silent fart, but it came out loud instead.
tripped in public.
wet the bed after childhood.
accidentally pooped my pants.
attempted martial arts moves while by myself.
drove over a curb.
mistaken a man for a women or vice versa.
laughed so hard, I peed my pants.
picked a wedgie in public.
called the wrong person, but pretended I meant to call them.
gone into the wrong restroom.
been so freaked to be outside at night, that I ran back in.
lost my swimwear bottoms.
had diarrhea at a friend's house.
broken a piece of furniture by sitting on it.
arrived somewhere late and had everyone staring at me.
had food stuck in my teeth all day
walked around with my zipper down.
bought a children's toy for myself, as an adult.
recorded video of myself singing or dancing.
been caught picking my nose.
gotten something stuck in my nose.
greeted someone I thought was someone else.
gave myself a bad haircut.
been told I had bad breath.
screamed because of a bug.
played on my phone, trying to look like I'm doing something important.
practiced public speaking in the mirror.
had dandruff.
listened to Justin Bieber.
just looked at myself naked in the mirror.
pretended to wash my hands by turning the water on, just in case someone is listening.
smiled at someone when I realize I wasn't listening to what they were saying.
tried to impress a crush by seeming knowledgeable about things they liked.
refreshed over and over to see if I have any new messages.
pretended to text while you secretly take a million selfies.
been obsessed with One Direction.
imagined my life as a sitcom and who would play me.
sat on a public toilet.
put gum under a table.
stepped barefoot in dog poop.
tasted dog or cat food.
had a baby spit up on me.
thrown up after seeing someone else throw up.
picked my nose and ate it.
used someone else's toothbrush.
worn someone else's underwear.
used my hands as a tissue (out of necessity).
crop dusted an elevator.
peed in the pool.
clogged a toilet.
tasted earwax.
wiped my armpits with a towel instead of showering.
worn the same pair of underwear more than 3 days.
destroyed a public bathroom.
thrown up in my mouth and swallowed it.
used a public restroom that had no toilet paper.
wore perfume or cologne because I didn't have deodorant.
broken the '5-second rule'.
gotten poop on my hand.
had such bad diarrhea that I didn't make it to the bathroom in time.
thought a fart smelled good.
licked a coin.
worn the same jeans for a week without washing them.
changed a diaper.
gone more than a week without showering.
had a smelly burp.
watched pimple popping videos.
peeled a sunburn and enjoyed it.
picked a scab.
picked stuff out of my belly button.
used the bathroom and not washed my hands.
smelled clothing to see if they were too dirty to wear again.
had stinky feet.
let dirty dishes sit in the sink for over a week.
blown my nose and looked at what came out.
trimmed my toenails with my teeth.
turned underwear inside out to get more use out of it.
popped someone else's pimple.
peeling dead skin off my feet.
rubbed my skin to get the dead skin to roll up.
peed in the sink.
had a drop land on the toilet seat and not cleaned it off.