Decribe how you would commit the perfect murder.
Describe your craziest week.
Describe yourself with 3 words.
Describe yourself with 1 words.
How many people have you kissed?
Who was your first kiss?
What is one thing that you never want your parents to know about?
What is something that only a couple of people know about?
Have you ever picked your nose and ate it?
When you fart, do you sit there or try to move away from it?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher?
Who is your current crush?
What is the longest you have ever gone without a shower?
What is the longest you have worn the same pair of underwear?
Do you sing in the shower?
What is something you’ve done that could have gotten you in serious trouble?
What is your worst habit?
What is the biggest lie you ever told?
Do you cheat when playing games?
Have you ever lied to answer a truth question?
Who is your biggest secret crush that you would never pursue?
What is one thing that you would want to change about yourself?
Do you ever just stare at yourself in the mirror?
What is one thing you find the most annoying about @A?
What’s your favorite body part on a girl/boy?
Most embarrassing time you got turned on?
Ever thought about the same sex?
If you were into the same sex, which male celebrity would you go for?
Ever wanted to try on women’s clothing?
What is the dumbest thing you’ve ever done?
Strangest off-limits crush?
Ever cheated?
Last time you cried?
Have you ever made someone cry?
What is the craziest thing you’ve ever watched?
What is one thing you’ve never done in the bedroom?
When it comes to lingerie, is less best, or leave something to unwrap?
Have you ever role played?
What’s the worst lie you’ve ever told?
What’s your worst substance story (getting drunk, high, etc.)?
Do you have any spicy pictures or videos saved on your phone?
How many people have seen you naked?
What was your first sexual experience?
What was your wildest sexual experience?
Your favorite place on your body to be kissed?
Do you want to be tied up?
What was your funniest sexual experience like?
Who’s the ex you’d do again in a heartbeat?
Hottest thing someone’s ever done to you?
Do you have a hot cousin?
Do you think your parents are hot?
Fill in the blanks: I would pay $1,000 to have X do X to me.
Describe your package in detail, including what it likes, what it wants, and what it’s feeling.
What was your biggest sexual disappointment?
When were you sexually rejected?
Funniest mishap while doing it?
Have you ever slept with someone of the same gender?
Do you own any adult toys?
Have you ever flashed someone?
How long do you last?
Have you ever sexted someone?