If you got to have a threesome with people in this room, who would you do it with and why?
Let @A your YouTube history and read it out to the group.
Let @A through your Amazon purchase history and read it out to the group.
Have you ever sexted anyone? If so, read one of the sexts in a fake British accent.
What is the most adventurous thing you’d want someone to do to you?
Who do you most want to sleep with, out of everyone here?
What is the song that you get it on to the most?
Where are you on the straight / queer spectrum? Be honest!
What’s your favorite fantasy to pleasure yourself to?
Where is the weirdest place that you’ve ever gone solo?
What is your favorite "special" toy?
When was the first time you came?
Who was your best partner and why?
Would you have sex with @P?
Rate @A out of 10.
Who so you think is the most sexually active of the group.
Who would you rather have sex with from the group.
When was your first kiss?
Do you have an “I’m getting laid tonight” outfit? What it is?
What’s your favorite body part on yourself? On your partner?
Have you ever cheated?
Have you ever wanted to cheat?
How many people have you slept with?
Who’s the hottest person at work?
What would be more thrilling: angry sex or make-up sex?
Who here are you most jealous of?
Have you ever had an exciting dream about @A?
Do you love @A? How much?
How many partners have you had?
How many people have you kissed?
When was a time you were so turned on you couldn’t stand it?
How many times a week do you touch yourself?
Have you ever done it at work/school?
Do you like telling your partner what to do in bed, or do you prefer to be told what to do?
What is the most you’ve done for sex in the past?
What’s the most number of times you’ve done it in one day?
Most you’ve touched yourself in one day?
Have you ever done it while other people were around without them knowing?
Do you like a lot of foreplay? What kind?
Would you take a shower with @P?
What is one thing that gets you hot and bothered every time?
Do you try to feel up @P when you hug?
Do you ever just want to tear off @P's clothes?
How often do you watch something naughty?
Do you want to pull @A's hair?
When did you last go solo?
If @A looked in your nightstand, what would he find?
Have you ever thought about @P in the shower?
What was it like the first time someone went down on you?
Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
What’s your self-love strategy?
What’s the worst kiss you’ve ever been given?
What is the most fun you’ve ever had in a romantic setting?
What’s something romantic you’ve done that you’re most proud of?
What’s your favorite body part on a guy/girl?
Have you ever had a wardrobe malfunction?
Most embarrassing crush you’ve ever had?
What was it like going down on someone the first time?
Have you ever faked it? When? Can you re-create it?
How do you like the taste when you go down on someone?
What’s the hookup you regret the most?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in a relationship?
How often do you trim down there?
Have you ever gotten a bikini wax?
Have you ever considered a threesome?
Have you ever had a one night stand?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that turns you on?
When did you lose your virginity?
Do you have any interesting fetishes?
Have you ever been to a strip club?
When did you go solo for the first time?
What was the most powerful sexual experience you’ve ever had?
Have you ever done it in a car?
Have you ever given or been given ‘attention’ while driving a car?
Are second rounds exciting or exhausting?
Are you turned on right now?
What is something that is absolutely off-limits in the bedroom?
Have you ever done it in a public place?